## 分类
- Opinion
    - Agree / Disagree
    - Discuss both views
    - Positive or negative development?
    - Adavantage outweight disadvantage?

- Analysis
    - Problems / Causes / Reasons and Solutions

## Structure
    - Words Count 350+
    - Clear, Cohesive(逻辑顺畅) 
### 作文结构 (不要listing)
- The begining
    - 复述观点
    - However, such a statement suffers from logical and factual problems.
    - I hardly agree with this one-sided proposal.
- Point 1 + Reasoning
- Point 2 + examplification
- Point 3 + Concession
    - 对方的观点 + 驳斥对方的观点
- The End
    - In conclusion, ... ... 

## 审题 & 破题
### 注意
- **One Side**
- 积累一些观点库 (high level + expandable + compatible)
        - Effectiveness and efficency
        - Economy and finance
            - 
        - Environment and health
            - 
        - Equality and fairness
        - Feasibility and compatibility (可行性和兼容性)
        - Culture and globalizaiton
            - national cultural influence.
        - Technology and internet
            - 

- high level -> mid level -> detail  得到一个段落
### 审题
    - Agree / Disagree
    - Discuss both views
    - Positive or negative development?
    - Adavantage outweight disadvantage?

    - 选一边站； 选3个high level point
    - Point 3，需要提一个对方的主要观点，并反驳它

### 生成观点
    - 宏观观点

More Older
Positive: 
    1，economy  经验，技术
    2，health  老当益壮；随着时代和医疗的发展， (拉回)
    3，Tech   流水线工作减少，技术更重要
Negative:
    1，创新减少   cultural
    2，医疗负担变大 + 退休金     economy
    3，年轻移民带来   social stability

Email
more advantages
    1, economy， free for every one and节省资源
    2, effectiveness,  快速，方便
    3, Social relationship  减少不必要的社交
more disadvantages
    2，culture  文字不能完全取代交流
    3，Social relationship  keep people distant
    4, Economy   需要硬件，并不是真的便宜

## Opening
- 有新的信息 + 结构上有逻辑 + 立场要鲜明

|         |                                                                                                                                         |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Hook    | It is hard to deny that (opposite detail), and such a fact leads impressionable people to generate the opinion that (opposite response) |
| 转折    | However, such a statement suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and it should be examined meticulously.                      |
| Po ints | As far as (Point1), (Point2), and (Point3) are concerned, I strongly hold that (our response)                                           |

- 可以在 (opposite detail) 和 (opposite response) 里预埋Point3要驳斥的点
## Resoning
- 逻辑连贯 + 论据充足 + consistent(关联紧密)

|                  |                                                                                 |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| High             | First and foremost, (Point 1), as (Fact 1-1)                                    |
| Mid              | For instance / To illustrate / To be more specific, (Fact 1-2)                  |
| Detail           | In addition / Not to mention that / Furthermore, (Fact 1-3). (optional fillter) |
| Optional Fillter | (当内容不够的时候) Summary / conclusion / what if / as small example ... etc    |

- Detail 可以follow上面的观点，也可以fight反方观点。 <尽量少用，需要注意为分论点服务>
- follow and fight

## Examplification （例证）
- 有结构 + 内容详实具体 + 具有普世性
- 可以是具体的例子(人/事情)
- 也可以是一种现象

|           |                                                                                      |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 观点      | Furthermore, the fact that (Point 2 mid level) indicates that (our response)         |
| 举例      | Take the case of (character), who/which (process). As a result, (result).            |
| 说明&总结 | Had it not been for (process paraphrase), (charater) would never (result paraphrase) |

## Consession and Ending

### Consession

|      |                                                                                   |
| ---- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 先抑 | Nevertheless, a voice arises that (opposite response and point in grand opening). |
| 驳斥 | Ironically, (facts against opposite detail)                                       |
| 结论 | Therefore, (Point3)                                                               |

- Sample
Nevertheless, a voice arises that text in email cannot convey the subtlety and diversity in communication - it creates confusion and misleading infomation, damaging our social relationship.

(Email只是一个工具)
Ironically, a hammer can hurt a person badly while millions are using it everyday. Email is simply a tool and not the only vehicle of information, we can use it mostly directly or to complement various other ways of communication. For instance, we can response a simple "YES" to an address confirmation, or inform our coworkers of the progress of the bussiness trip while keep the very details for a later face-to-face meeting.

Therefore, as long as we use our tools (email in this case) properly, we will be able to siginificantly enhance both our personal and professional relationships.

### Ending

|     |                                                                                                                                                                              |
| --- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|     | In a nutshell, I maintain that (Response Paraphrase)                                                                                                                         |
|     | Admittedly, as my favorate quota from James Madison goes, as long as the reason of man continues fallible, different opinions will be formed, and some people may oppose me. |
|     | However, I believe they will compromise after being exposed to my article.                                                                                                   |


固定表达：
    cultural and historical attractions.

    charge  = pay more money
    hinder the influence of our culture = the spread of our national influence  
    composed 书写
    convey the subtlety and diversity in communication  细节和多样性
    more economical 更加经济的
    more financially rewarding
    further substantiated by studies worldwide.
    a typical college student among thousands
    a well-known college for its expertise in science and engineering.




## 大作文-雅思哥预测
重点预测
1. Some people believe more actions can be done to prevent crime, while others think that little can be done. What is your opinion? （犯罪 - 能做更多的事情来阻止犯罪）

2. We have three important parts of education: reading, writing and math. Some people think every child will benefit from a fourth skill added to the list: computer skills. To what extent do you agree or disagree? （教育 - 每个孩子都能从计算机技术中获益，你是否同意）

3. In the past, people used to travel abroad to look for many differences from their home country. Nowadays, cities throughout the world are becoming more and more similar. What are the reasons？Is this a positive or negative development？ （旅游 - 城市变得越来越一样， reasons？ and positive or negative）

4. With the increasing use of mobile phones and computers, fewer people are writing letters. Some people think that the traditional skill of writing letters will disappear completely. To what extent do you agree or disagree? What do you think of the importance of letter-writing? （科技 - 写字能力的重要性？是否同意会消失）

5. More and more companies are allowing employees to work from home. Do you think this is a positive or negative development? （科技 - 居家办公 positive & negative）

 

次重点预测

1. Nowadays, people always throw old things away and buy new things, whereas in the past, old things were repaired and used again. What factors cause this phenomenon? What effects does the phenomenon lead to?  （社会 - 换新事物而不是重复利用旧东西， reason？ and effects）

2. In some countries around the world, men and women are having babies late in life. What are the reasons? Is it a positive or negative development? （性别 - 晚育 reason? positive or negative）

3. We live in cities or towns which have museums displaying historical and cultural importance, but people do not visit them. What are the reasons？How important are those museums to our society? （文化）

4. In many countries, the proportion of older people is steadily increasing. Does this trend have more positive or negative effects on the society? （社会）

5. Some people think that the Olympic Games are an exciting event and can promote the communication between different countries, while others think it is a waste of money. Discuss both views and give your own opinion. （社会）

6. Anyone can post information on the Internet. Some people think most of what we read on the Internet is inaccurate. To what extent do you agree or disagree? （科技）

7. Films and computer games containing violence are popular. Some people say they have negative effects on society and should be banned. Others say they are just harmless relaxation. Discuss both views and give your own opinion. （社会）

8. Some people think that the government should invest more money in teaching science than other subjects for the progress of the country. To what extent do you agree or disagree?（教育）

9. Some people claim that newspaper is the best way to get latest information because it has more influence than other forms of media. To what extent do you agree or disagree?（媒体）

10. Some people think job satisfaction is more important than job security, while others believe that having a permanent job is better than enjoying the job. Discuss both views and give your own opinion. （工作）

11. With the rapid economic development, people living in developed and developing countries both have become richer than before. But studies show that people in developing countries feel happier than before, while those in developed countries do not. Discuss the reasons and lessons we can learn from it. （社会）

12. Today food travels thousands of miles from the farm to the consumers. What are the reasons? Is it a positive or a negative trend? （食品）

13. Human activities have negative effects on plants and animal species. Some people think that it is too late to do anything about this problem. Other people believe that effective measures can be taken to improve this situation. Discuss both views and give your opinions.（环境）

14. More and more people are interested in finding out their family history. Why has this happened? Is this a positive or negative development?（文化）

15. Some people think developing countries should invite foreign companies to open branches, offices and factories to promote their economies. Others say that they should keep the foreign companies out and depend more on their own local companies. Describe both views and give your opinion.（社会）