# 表达积极或消极情绪的俗语

## Positive
### 1.  to have a whale of a time
- Meaning – 度过一段非常有趣和激动人心的时光

Example IELTS question – Tell me about your hometown.

Example answer with idiom – Well, I’m from London which is a world-renowned city for its history and culture. They say he who is bored of London is bored of life! There is so much to do here that you are guaranteed ***to have a whale of a time*** if you visit. 


### 2. to be on cloud nine
Meaning – 非常快乐

Example IELTS question - Do you like your job?

Example answer with idiom – I must say that I adore my job and all the people that work there. It is a pleasure to go to work there each morning. I feel content with my life at the moment and I ***am on cloud nine***. 


### 3. to be on the top of the world
Meaning – 感觉奇妙、美妙、欣喜若狂

Example IELTS question – is art popular in your country?

Example answer with idiom – Yes, I would say that art is highly popular in my nation. Art has the power to unite us and express feelings that we cannot with words alone. When I look at my absolute favourite piece of art, “starry night” by Vincent Van Gogh I ***feel inspired and on top of the world***. It shows me true beauty and that I believe is why art is so popular. 


### 4. to be over the moon
Meaning – extremely pleased and happy 

Example IELTS question – What did you do on your last birthday?

Example IELTS answer with idiom – On my last birthday, I went to Paris with my girlfriend. It was an incredible city and the food was to die for! The trip was actually a surprise and when my girlfriend told me ***I was over the moon***. 

 
### 5. to be like a dog with two tails
Meaning – 狗通过摇尾巴来表达快乐。因此，一只有两条尾巴的狗一定很快乐！

Example IELTS question – Who is your best friend?

Example IELTS answer with idiom – My best friend is called Matthew. We have known each other since we were children. Every time I see him, ***I’m like a dog with two tails***. 
 

### Negative
### 6.   it makes my blood boil
Meaning – 让你非常生气(angry)

Example IELTS question – Do you get on with your family?

Example IELTS answer with idiom – I get on reasonably well with most of my family. But my sister is an awful person. She is very selfish and arrogant. Just hearing her voice ***makes my blood boil***. 

 
### 7.   it drives me up the wall = it drives me crazy = it drives me nuts
Meaning – 让你很恼火(annoys)

Example IELTS question – What is your favourite food

Example IELTS answer with idiom – I would have to say that my favourite food is mashed potatoes(土豆泥). However, ***it drives me up the wall*** when people don’t mash them properly and the potatoes have disgusting lumps(结块).  


### 8.  I hit the ceiling = I hit the roof 
Meaning – very angry and upset

Example IELTS question – Did you have a hobby as a child?

Example IELTS answer with idiom – As a child, my hobby was always cycling. I used to ride my bike everywhere I could. One day though, my sister borrowed my bike and crashed it. ***I hit the ceiling*** but luckily the damage was not too bad. 


### 9.   he/it wind me up
Meaning – 让你很恼火(annoys)

Example IELTS question – Tell me about your first day at work.

Example IELTS answer with idiom – My first day in work was terrible! My boss wound me up as he kept shouting at me.  

 
### 10.   to get on my nerves
Meaning – 让你很恼火(annoys)

Example IELTS question – How could your neighbourhood be improved?

Example IELTS answer with idiom –  ***It gets on my nerves*** that we have no recycling here. I am a big supporter of the environment and we should do more to save it. 

 
### TIPS - 动词时序
– be careful with the idioms that use irregular verbs（不规则动词）. If you use in another tense you will need to conjugate the verb. 

| 一般现在 | 过去  | 过去分词 |
| -------- | ----- | -------- |
| get      | got   | gotten   |
| wind     | wound | wound    |
| hit      | hit   | hit      |
| drive    | drove | driven   |
| make     | made  | made     |
| have     | had   | had      |

